document new stream page action sidebar [AC-4296] (#588)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/troubleshoot/index.md

This diagnostic facility is available in the Anbox Cloud dashboard from the streaming and the instance details pages. Depending on where you download the bug report from, the files in the download bundle will vary.

> When you download the bug report from the *Stream page > Right sidebar > Bug Report* menu, the report gives you logs from the Anbox and Android instances, metrics data from Anbox, the event logs from the WebRTC connection, WebRTC statistics, metadata from the dashboard. These help you diagnose any issues with the stream or your connection.

Reviewer: Noticed this just now - it's not a "menu" item anymore (the text looked wrong before as well, to be honest).

```suggestion
When you download the bug report using the *Stream page > Right sidebar > Download bug report* button, the report gives you logs from the Anbox and Android instances, metrics data from Anbox, the event logs from the WebRTC connection, WebRTC statistics, metadata from the dashboard. These help you diagnose any issues with the stream or your connection.
```
